output/doc/wiki/runtime/agent-types/pull-receive-agent.md, before:

# Pull Receive Agent

The following section describes what the **Pull Receive Agent** is and what's its responsibility is:

![pull receive agent](images/pull-receive-agent.png)

## Agent Responsibility

The **Pull Receive Agent** is has the same responsibility as the (Push) **Receive Agent**: to receive `AS4Message`'s via the configured _Receiver_ from the sending MSH but instead of receiving directly the message the agent polls for an available message.

It's useful to use this type of agent if the the receiving MSH isn't always online, or as a limited bandwidth, ... Because the agent polls for available message on the sending MSH; the receiving-side takes control of when a new `AS4Message` arrives instead of waiting and constantly making sure there's an available connection endpoint to send messages to.

## Message Flow

The receival of `AS4Message`'s is identical to the (Push) **Receive Agent**, it's the triggering that's different not the receival.
See the message flow on the **Receive Agent** page to get the actual steps that happen during a **Receive Operation**.

## Agent Trigger

Because the agent itself is responsible for polling for `AS4Message`'s; the _Receiver_ is isn't actually "receiving" messages directly. Instead the **Pull Receive Agent** is made to use a _Exponential Backoff_ strategy which means that the longer it takes for a `AS4Message` to be available at the sending side, the longer the _Receiver_ will wait to poll for the next `AS4Message`.

> The minimum and maximum polling interval used in the _Exponential Backoff_ is configurable on the _Receiver_.

Each time the _Receiver_ triggers the polling, a _PullRequest_ is send to the sending MSH which will result in either an `UserMessage` or `Error` saying that there's no available `UserMessage`. When a `UserMessage` arrives at the receiving MSH, the same message flow as the (Push) **Receive Agent** will take place.

Commit message:

Modified PullReceive documentation and added an MPC section

output/doc/wiki/runtime/agent-types/pull-receive-agent.md, after:

# Pull Receive Agent

The following section describes what the **Pull Receive Agent** is and what's its responsibility is:

![pull receive agent](images/pull-receive-agent.png)

## Agent Responsibility

The **Pull Receive Agent** has the same responsibility as the (Push) **Receive Agent**: to receive `AS4Message`'s via the configured _Receiver_ from a sending MSH. Instead of receiving messages directly, the **Pull Receive Agent** polls the sender for an available messages.

Since the **Pull Receive Agent** polls for available messages on the sending MSH, this agent takes control of when an AS4 Message is received instead of making sure that there's constantly a receive-endpoint available.
The **Pull Receive Agent** is useful in situations where the receiving MSH isn't always online or has a limited bandwith.

## Message Flow

The `AS4Message`'s that are received by the **Pull Receive Agent** are processed in exactly the same way as the (Push) **Receive Agent** would handle them.
See the message flow section in the (Push) **Receive Agent** documentation for more information on how a received `AS4Message`is processed.

## Agent Trigger

The  **Pull Receive Agent** initiates the receive process by sending a _PullRequest_ signal message to the sending MSH.  When the sending MSH receives such a _PullRequest_, the sender responds with an `AS4Message` that contains a `UserMessage`.  If the sending MSH does not have any `UserMessage`s available for the received `PullRequest`, the sender responds with a special `Error` message that indicates that there are no `UserMessage`s available.

The _PullRequest_ signal messages are sent by the **Pull Receive Agent** using an _Exponential Backoff_ algorithm: 

- when the sending MSH responds with a _no messages available_ message, the _Receiver_ will wait a bit longer to poll for the next `AS4Message`.  
- when the sending MSH responds with a `UserMessage`, the _Receiver_ will reset the polling interval and will immediately sent a new _PullRequest_.

> The minimum and maximum polling interval used in the _Exponential Backoff_ is configurable on the _Receiver_.

## Message Partition Channels

It is possible to specify that only certain `UserMessage`s may be received.  This is done by specifying the **Message Partition Channel** or **MPC** to which the `UserMessage`s that are being polled for, must belong to.

The **MPC** that must be used is defined in the PMode that is configured on the _Receiver_ of the **Pull Receive Agent**.  If no **MPC** is specified in the PMode, the default **MPC** (h<span>ttp://docs.oasis-open.org/ebxml-msg/ebms/v3.0/ns/core/200704/defaultMPC</span>) will be used.
